Hey brother
How do you pay 2 million medical bills?
Mom, where did this sewing box come from?
I remember it was many years ago
I don't know where your dad got it back
I see it. This style is nice.
I've been using him
What's wrong bro
I asked you about the hospital 2 million
What are you studying this broken sewing box for?
Could it be that this sewing box can still be stored 2 million?
If I'm right
This sewing box
It will be returned easily.
Increase 2 million medical expenses
It's no less
How to talk nonsense
Could it be that this sewing box is still an antique?
Well, you were right.
What's this for?
It just sounds good.
It's true. It's true.
Hey, what are you doing?
I have an old object here
If you want to change some money, you should be in a hurry.
Is this Goldman Sachs Antique Store?
Money exchange emergency
Just such a crap
Stinky dick
Do you know what Goldman Sachs Antique Shop is?
Not an antique store?
I'm really in a hurry
So I want to take the online shopping award for cash emergency
Antique store? Are you kidding me?
This is a high-tech company owned by Goldman Sachs
Duan Antique Store
Do you understand high-end?
We don't accept fakes here.
Get out of here with your bad thing
Roll roll roll roll roll
It's not that you drove people out without looking at them.
Co-authored, you are an atmospheric guest, right?